fix(curriculum): external state name link in CIP (#46349)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/rosetta-code/state-name-puzzle.md

# --description--

> **State name** is a <em>wordplay</em> in which you take two states names and rearrange them two create two different states names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**State name** is a <em>wordplay</em> in which you take the letters from two different state names and rearrange them to create two new state names.
```

> **State name** is a <em>wordplay</em> in which you take the letters from two different state names and rearrange them to create two new state names.

Reviewer 2: Also, the original description mentions that there are two forms of this puzzle, one using actual U.S. state names, and another using fictional names like "New Kory".

Looking at the tests we have right now, it seems we're testing for both actual and fictional state names.

I think we could modify this description to introduce the original state name puzzle:

```suggestion
**State name** is a <em>word puzzle</em> in which you take the letters from two U.S. state names and rearrange them to form the names of two different U.S. states.
```

Then tweak the instructions below to mention the other form of the puzzle with fictional states.

I can't make a suggestion for line 22, but maybe it could be updated to something like:

```
Write a function to solve the challenge for a given array of actual U.S. state names, and for fictional state names.

The function should return an array. Each element should be an object in this form: `{"from":[],"to":[]}`. The `"from"` array should contain the original names and the `"to"` array should contain the resultant names.
```

> Example:
> 
> ```js
> const puzzleArray= ["North Carolina ", "South Dakota"];
> const solvedArray= ["North Dakota", "South Carolina"];
> ```

Reviewer 2: I think this could be removed. It does illustrate the point well, but gives away one of the answers we're looking for.

```suggestion
```
